Want to become a millionaire in 2025?
These six income streams are your best
bet. If I had to start from scratch
today, these are the six income streams
I'd focus on to get rich as fast as
possible. So, today I'll break down
exactly how they work, how to get
started, and the biggest myth about
income streams that's holding you back
from getting rich. Let's get into it. If
you look at income streams of the
richest people in the world, you'll
understand exactly why you aren't a
millionaire yet. If you look at Elon
Musk, Bill Gates, and Mark Zuckerberg,
they all built their fortunes by going
allin on one business, not multiple.
Elon Musk, it wasn't Tesla, SpaceX. It
all started with Zip 2. Bill Gates, it
started with Microsoft. Mark Zuckerberg,
it started with Facebook. He then later
bought Instagram. They all built their
fortunes by going allin on one business,
not diversifying. If you look at me, my
first consistent income stream was
Crazy. I went all in that one company
and it made me millions of dollars.
Look, by focusing and mastering one
income stream first, you'll notice that
it'll start growing faster and then you
can diversify to maintain and grow your
income and reduce risk. But going allin
is how you make the money. If you start
off by diversifying, you'll be spreading
your time into too many different areas.
And what you'll find is none of them
will produce the results that you want.
This is why you first focus and then you
can get into diversification later. If
you look at me, when I first started
off, I just had one income stream. Now I
have multiple. I recommend that you
start off the way I did by having just
one income stream and pick the one you
want. This is the first millionaire
income stream I would focus on to get
rich as fast as possible. This is the
biggest income stream most millionaires
rely on. My largest success today was NP
Digital. It's a global ad agency. It's
become one of my primary wealthb
buildinging vehicles. I've went all in
in the last 7 years on this business.
It's all I focus on. When you have a
business, you can control the business.
It allows you to pick and choose what
you want to do, unlike traditional jobs.
And sometimes you'll make decisions that
make you a ton of money, and sometimes
you make decisions that lose you money.
But the decision is yours to make. You
are in control of your own destiny
versus someone else. The way I would go
about building a business is to first
create a brand. When you get out there
and you build a brand, whether personal
brand or corporate brand, you're going
to have an audience. You can then
monetize this audience. If you look at
me, I post on social media each and
every single day, even if it's a
holiday. There are no vacations and I do
this on six plus social networks because
according to Sprouto, the average person
logs into more than six social networks
per month. So by being consistent,
people are continually seeing my content
out there. And here's a cool crazy part.
It doesn't matter if you have a lot of
followers or not. Social media is
democratized. They don't care how many
followers you have. They just care how
good your content is. If your content's
amazing, they'll showcase it to
everyone. Why? Because it keeps people
on their platform engaged. A great
example of this is years ago, I saw this
dude longboarding to work drinking
cranberry juice. I never followed him,
but why'd it go viral on the internet?
It's because everyone was engaging with
it. So, he built up a follower really
fast. There was also another video that
I saw from this girl that I never
followed and she was talking about how
she was looking for a guy in finance who
was six foot and had a trust fund and
the whole internet saw it and she
started getting thousands and thousands
of followers really fast. This just goes
to show you don't need tons of followers
to have your content go viral and be
seen by everyone. Instead, you just need
to create really amazing content that
people engage with. Now, I don't
recommend creating a meme like looking
for a guy in finance or skateboarding to
work on the busy road or freeway cuz
that could be dangerous. Instead, what I
recommend is creating educational
content that's just amazing and provides
a ton of value. When you gain those
followers, they're much easier to
monetize. If you have a following for
creating a catchy video, like I'm
looking for a guy in finance, it's hard
to monetize that. But if you look at me,
I create educational content
specifically on entrepreneurship and
marketing. it's much easier to monetize
that. So, pick an area that you're
passionate about and build a following.
Then later on, you can monetize it. This
income stream is one of the safest ways
to build wealth over a long period of
time. The first home I bought was a
condo in Seattle and I bought it after
the 2008 crash. And you know what? I
sold it for a profit and I reinvested it
into more properties. Owning a property
is better than renting due to
appreciation and equity growth. If
you're looking to make money in real
estate, a few beginner tips is a pick an
area where there's a large population
because if there's a large population,
you're always going to have someone who
wants to buy your home. If you buy a
home in the middle of nowhere, it's hard
to appreciate because there's not that
many buyers. The second thing you want
to look for is a place that's central.
If it's close to freeways, grocery
store, shopping, has a good walk score,
that's a positive sign as well. Third
thing you want to look for is good
school district. A lot of people don't
want to pay for private school. I don't
blame them. Why would you want to pay
for private school when you can send
your kid to a really good, amazing
public school? The fourth thing I would
look for is a great kitchen. A lot of
times what sells a home when people
first get in is the kitchen. So, make
sure the kitchen is great. And the fifth
thing is a walkable floor plan. If the
floor plan isn't usable, it'll cause
people to not really want the house over
time. Some things like a kitchen or
flooring or carpet you can update over
time, but a messy floor plan that's not
usable is hard to fix. Now with real
estate, the key is you just slowly start
paying it off and over time as a
property appreciates and you owe less on
it, you'll gain wealth. When I look at
NP Digital, we have over a thousand
employees. You want to know one of the
big ways that a lot of my employees have
done well? Well, we started our office
in San Diego back in the day. A lot of
our employees bought homes. A lot of
them become millionaires solely because
of their homes. Now, of course, they
made money in other ways like working
for us and investing, but their home
alone has made many of our employees
millionaires. Millionaire income stream
number three can make you an insane
amount of money within the next 5 to 10
years if you approach it the right way.
Have you noticed that a lot of the
people who invested in companies like
Uber and Google and YouTube early on
made a killing? Angel investing is one
of the best ways to make a lot of money.
The tricky part is how do you find the
right companies and get access to them?
Well, there's a cool site called Angel
List which showcases a lot of the top
investors and you can actually follow
them and put money alongside them for
some of their deals. This way, you don't
have to go out there and vet every
single startup, and you can pick and
choose the ones you want based on the
angel investors you like and their track
record. But I recommend with angel
investing that you start small because
with startups, they're not as liquid as
things like the stock market. So, your
money is tied up for longer periods of
time. And of course, it can go to zero.
And I don't recommend that you get into
angel investing unless you're willing to
invest into 10 startups. Here's the
reason. A lot of the startups that you
think will work don't work. And a lot of
the ones that you think won't work do
end up working. Great example of this is
Poppy. It was on Shark Tank. A lot of
people didn't want to invest in it, yet
they just got acquired for $1.8 billion.
That's a lot of cash. But starting from
scratch can be high risk, high reward.
If you want a safer investment that can
still make you a ton of money, start
this fourth income stream. If you look
at my ad agency, NP Digital, we've
acquired smaller agencies to grow
faster. You can leverage things like SBA
loans and every country has their own
versions of it where you can get a loan
as a small business which allows you to
expand faster. If you look at NP
Digital, we've done tons of
acquisitions. We've done Rebel House in
Canada which is a creative shop. We did
Search Guru. We did Uber Suggest. We did
Answer the Public. These are all
examples of acquisitions and all of them
have worked out well. Now, it doesn't
mean that every one of your acquisitions
is going to work out well, but the key
is to really good diligence. For every
deal that we've bought, we've probably
turned away 40, 50 other deals. And
we've even been mid-process and buying
company and continually looked at their
progression each and every single month
to make sure their financials are going
the way they saying they should be
going. And when we notice they
continually miss numbers, we back out.
Why? Because we don't want unnecessary
risk. So, the key when it comes to
buying companies is diligence. Make sure
you're 110% sure that the company's a
good fit for you. And on top of just
buying it, ideally, if you already have
a business, you can cross-ell. So, for
example, at NP Digital, sometimes we buy
companies in other regions. We bought
Search Group, which was big in Malaysia,
Singapore, and Hong Kong. We already had
clients that wanted to be in those
regions. We were then able to take our
customers and cross-ell them into more
regions because we now own Search Guru
and we're able to take their customers
and cross-ell them into all the other
regions they did not offer. In addition
to this, another way to make money by
buying corporations is to look for stuff
that they're doing inefficient. For
example, there's a lot of brickandmortar
businesses that don't do online
marketing, don't even set up localized
landing pages, or don't even optimize
for their Yelp reviews. By fixing a lot
of these things, you can grow these
local businesses. If you're trying to
find a business, you can do cold
outreach, which is what we do a lot,
where we're emailing out companies, but
we're also looking at websites or
marketplaces that list businesses.
Flippa is a great example of a website
that showcases all the websites and
businesses that are for sale in
different categories. You can go there
to find businesses literally all over
the world that are digital. This is a
great way to find businesses. They have
explainer of that business. They provide
data and then you can look at it,
analyze it, and request more information
if you're interested. But you shouldn't
just invest in other businesses if you
want to build wealth. This fifth
millionaire income stream is the safest
and one of the most profitable
investments you can make. If you look at
how I've built a lot of my wealth and
how a lot of other entrepreneurs have
built their wealth, it's from focusing.
We didn't diversify. And what we did is
we doubled down in what we know. If you
look at Warren Buffett, a lot of people
made fun of him because early on he
didn't invest in any tech companies and
miss out on a lot of profits. But Warren
Buffett said he sticks to what he knows.
And Warren Buffett's one of the richest
people in the world. Could he have made
more money if he invested in tech? Sure,
but he's rich enough. You don't have to
be great at everything. Double down at
what you're good at. Reinvest your money
into your own business and double down
on what you're good at. For example, I'm
good at marketing. So, I've taken a lot
of my own money and reinvested it into
NP Digital and continually double down
to grow my ad agency faster. And
according to AdWeek, we're one of the
fastest growing agencies to exist. Why?
Because I continually double down into
what I'm good at. It's the highest
leverage that you have is to invest into
what you know that other people may not
be as good at. The key to reinvesting in
yourself is to double down when you have
something that you can scale faster.
When you're just trying to come up with
ideas and concepts, you don't want to
invest too heavily and all your money
right then and there because it may or
may not work out. But when you have
growth and you're getting traction and
you see how this is a viable business,
that's when you should double down
because it allows you to scale faster
and you've already taken away a lot of
the risk by validating your product or
your idea or the overall business.
Millionaire income stream number six
will make you a ton of passive income
over time. A lot of people love spending
their money. Who doesn't like buying
news fancy stuff? For example, a lot of
people own Teslas, but you know what
would have done better for you than just
buying a Tesla car? Buying Tesla's
stock. If you bought Tesla stock instead
of the car earlier on, you would have
more than 10 times your return. Another
example of this is Apple. If you bought
Apple stock instead of the iPhone each
and every single time they release a new
model, you would be much more well off.
According to nasdaq.com, if you spent
$499 buying Apple stock when it first
came out with the iPhone, it would have
been worth over $20,000 today. That's
worth much more than the iPhone itself.
Now, imagine doing that each and every
single time a new iPhone model came out.
That wealth would have compounded. The
same goes with Bitcoin or highquality
stocks. By just investing in what you
believe in instead of buying stuff that
you don't need, you're much more likely
to make money. And hey, worst case, you
just don't have that item that you were
trying to buy. there's no big deal
because most of those items aren't worth
much years later. Now, I wouldn't
recommend putting all your money into
this, but if you take a fraction of your
money, again, the amount that you would
have spent buying that product and
instead bought the stock, you should be
better off. Believe it or not, sometimes
you don't even need to build anything to
make millions. Income stream number
seven is literally just you. If you look
at my social media presence, it led to
over a $500,000 book deal and over a
million a year in speaking fees, at
least when I want to speak. If you
consistently put out amazing content and
you build a brand within whatever
vertical that you want to be known for,
it makes it easy to monetize. The key is
to just not deviate into another
industry. For example, I don't go
posting content outside of marketing and
entrepreneurship. Why? Because if I do
that, then I'll be known for random
stuff like fashion, although I don't
really have a fashion sense. And it
becomes hard to monetize your audience
because what are you really known for
then? But instead, when you focus and
you consistently post content around one
subject and you educate people and you
get known for it, you can continually
monetize it over time. The key with this
strategy is a join six social networks
because the average person uses more
than six social networks per month
according to Sprout Social. B
consistently post each and every single
day while repurposing content. So you
don't have to create new content for
each social network. For some of them,
you could just repurpose and it'll save
you time. C your content needs to be
unique, fresh. It can't be the same
regurgitated stuff that people have
talked about over and over again. And D,
you need to have a call to action. Let
people know where they can go to learn
more. Collect an email list, right? That
could be a call to action for an ebook.
And when you've built up this audience,
you have that email list, you can then
monetize it later on by just sending out
a email blast. Now, if you want to learn
more on personal branding, check out
this video on personal branding that I
just created.